[DOCS] Adds user-facing docs for the new KP logging configuration (#94993)
elastic/kibana: docs/developer/architecture/core/application_service.asciidoc

[[application-service]]
== Application service

> Kibana has migrated to be a Single Page Application. Plugins should use `Application service` API to instruct Kibana what an application should be loaded & rendered in the UI in response to user interactions. The service also provides utilities for controlling the navigation link state, seamlessly integrating routing between applications, and loading async chunks on demand.

Reviewer: I think this is a typo..
```suggestion
Kibana has migrated to be a Single Page Application. Plugins should use `Application service` API to instruct Kibana that an application should be loaded and rendered in the UI in response to user interactions. The service also provides utilities for controlling the navigation link state, seamlessly integrating routing between applications, and loading async chunks on demand.
```

[source,typescript]
----
import { AppMountParameters, CoreSetup, Plugin, DEFAULT_APP_CATEGORIES } from 'kibana/public';

export class MyPlugin implements Plugin {
  public setup(core: CoreSetup) {
    core.application.register({ // <1>
      category: DEFAULT_APP_CATEGORIES.kibana,
      id: 'my-plugin',
      title: 'my plugin title',
      euiIconType: '/path/to/some.svg',
      order: 100,
      appRoute: '/app/my_plugin', // <2>
      async mount(params: AppMountParameters) { // <3>
        // Load application bundle
        const { renderApp } = await import('./application');
        // Get start services
        const [coreStart, depsStart] = await core.getStartServices(); // <4>
        // Render the application
        return renderApp(coreStart, depsStart, params); // <5>
      },
    });
  }
}
----
<1> See {kib-repo}blob/{branch}/docs/development/core/public/kibana-plugin-core-public.applicationsetup.register.md[application.register interface]
<2> Application specific URL.
<3> `mount` callback is invoked when a user navigates to the application-specific URL.
<4> `core.getStartServices` method provides API available during `start` lifecycle.

> <5> `mount` method must return a function that will be called to unmount the application that will be called when Kibana unmounting the application. You can put a clean-up logic there.

Reviewer: Is the repetition of "that will be called" a mistake? If not, maybe this is clearer:
```suggestion
<5> `mount` method must return a function that will be called to unmount the application, which is called when Kibana unmounts the application. You can put a clean-up logic there.
```
